Dear , 

	I’m a student at Allen High School in Texas, and one of my fellow students, Farhan, recently committed suicide. This student was also a student to one of my teachers I have this year. He’s been really shaken by this, and I’m sad to see him like this. This is the fourth time he’s been through this since he taught here. I’ve heard about these things happening, and it’s making me sad as well. I wish for something to change about this issue so we can avoid this in the future.
  My teacher told me we’ve failed to prevent this, and I can’t help but agree. This is becoming a constant issue and it needs to stop. I’m aware that there are already programs in place to help prevent this, but I’m afraid this isn’t enough at this point. Farhan thought nobody would care, but he was wrong. Like Farhan, we all have people who care about us, and we need to help everyone who is dealing with suicidal thoughts realize this. We need more mental healthcare help so we can help suicidal thoughts under control. 
	Healthcare coverage should be a right, not a priviledge, whether it’s physical healthcare or mental healthcare. Some people can’t afford this kind of help, and we need to help them as well as those who can afford it. People with depression live differently than people who don’t have depression. We can’t simply forget about that. We need to recognize those who live with depression so we can help them realize what they have to live for and achieve. 
	I myself have friends who live with depression every day. And every day, I worry about them, and what they might think of doing to themselves. I used to have those kind of thoughts myself when I was younger, but I realized how much I have to live for. However, not everyone sees that like I do. Many Americans have to deal with depression more than we realize. In order to keep them from taking things further, we need more mental healthcare coverage that everyone can access.
	My classmates are writing to you about this as well. I pray that you hear the pleas of me and all my classmates. We are all shaken up by the suicide attack that took place recently. I don’t even know Farhan personally, but hearing about his death makes me want to cry. I wish for you to do something about these suicides and put something in place that can and will prevent future suicides.
	I’ve heard great things about Farhan. The fact that he was an active student at Allen, and fun to be around. He wanted something good to come out of the suicide attack that took place. Me, my classmate, my teacher, and everyone who knew Farhan want to honor him by having something good come out of his death. I wish for you to look deep into this suicide issue and find the best solution possible that will benefit everyone.

Sincerely, 
Ryan Mitchell
